Chen Bufan, you dare to question the princess
You dare to rebel against the princess
Kneel down immediately
It doesn't matter if you are real or fake
Even if you are the real Princess Chang'e
Then some people can not kneel
Haha, of course there is.
Dangchao Sangong and Chen Family Lafayette
They are all ministers of my Great Xia Gonggu
I have made great contributions to my big Xia Li
See I just need to bow down in the name of
What about other than them?
And the Empress of the Northern Jin Dynasty
He has achieved great success
King's Might
It is written by me in Daxia
See you, I can use the koi.
What about other than him?
Lord of Deer Valley
The world's top organizational leaders
Defeat of Nations
Be good friends with me for a hundred years
See you, I don't have to salute
Anything else?
Wrong and
That was me!
My West will only give birth to my parents
Educational teacher
You are not enough
Be bold and see what you say
You are of royal blood
Every word and deed represents the face and dignity of the royal family
But you talk casually
One bite a bitch
Flirty behavior
rude words
How can there be any princess virtue?
The people regard you as a pearl
You see people as watts
Act like this
What is the face of the royal family?
What are the expectations for the people?
Licking the strings
Why hurt
I see you princess
Really unworthy